chore: add unify config markdown (#4508)
OfficeDev/TeamsFx: packages/fx-core/resource/unify-config-change-logs.md

> # Congratulations! You have successfully upgraded your Teams to support config unify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Congratulations! You have successfully upgraded your TeamsFx project to support config unify
```
